---
title: "Set goal for 2017"
keywords: "goal setting, 2017"
description: "Set my personal goal and share to your friends makes me more likely to stick to them"
layout: "post"
header-img: img/what-gets-measured-gets-done-what-gets-rewarded-gets-repeated-248284.jpg
permalink: "/2017/01/goal-setting-2017.html"

---


>
“What gets measured gets done, what gets rewarded gets repeated”
--- John Schnatter


I gradually realize the importance of setting goals and write them down. what I also realize is that most people do set goals at the beginning of every year but forget/give up them after 2, 3 weeks : )

One of the lessons I learned from my last year’s fitness training is that human beings are much more likely to stick with the goal if the goal is shared to people around you, then we you tend to quite, the group pressure will kick in and save your goal.

So I decide to write down my 2017 personal goals and share them with you. I will try to make them as measurable as possible, but some of them will be a bit vague, if you have suggestions about how to set better goals, let me know.

The plan is: by the end of the year, I am going to come back here and review them one by one. You get my word: I will strive to tick all boxes.



* Continue work out. need to decrease body fat level to 15% (currently 24%).
* Be athletic,  participate and finish Stockholm Triathlon in August
* Make practical plan for my half year parental leave, take good care of my kids
* Have lunch meeting with friends at least once per month
* Build a tailor made smart-home solution for my new home
* Write and publish at least 12 high quality technical articles.
* Improve English level, especially writing and speaking skill. Be able to give a public speech in familiar topic
* Be a strategic thinker at Sparta. Get involved in product, recruiting, marketing strategy plan for 2017.
* Learning machine learning modeling, be able to apply ML models to solve real world problems.
* Share my knowledge to the communities. Get stackoverflow points up to 2000, contribute to at least 1 open source project, create 1 open source repo.
